-----------------RoadMap------------------
Step1:
FirstUser
Deposit FLM - Complete
Set FUSDT amount - Complete
Set Locking Time Period - Complete
Handling exceptions for this step1


Step2:
Second User deposit specified FUSDT amount
In the same transaction,
- Transfer FUSDT to first user. - Complete
- Convert deposited FLM to FLUND. - Complete
- Locking FLUND started. - Complete
Handling exceptions for this step2


Step3:
During the locking time, FLUND gains value over time.
Handling exceptions for this step3


Step4:
Lock time ends.
Convert FLUND to FLM again. At this time, FLM amount increases.
Handling exceptions for this step4


Step5:
Refund the increased FLM amount to user2, original FLM amount to user1.
Handling exceptions for this step5

-----------------Support---------------------
You will buy let's say 1 FLUND for 1.69 FLM and will sell later for 1.75 for example
But because of exit fees It's like you need to wait a least 20 days (didn't make the computation) before It's profitable to withdraw
Don't know if It's clear I'm Bad at English
Can you share what you want to do? I'm not sure It's a good plan to automate stuff for FLUND except if you are careful about timing and exit fees
Going in/out of FLUND can be from 0.3 to 1.5 GAS
You often need to someone pay those fees for you if you want to optimize
Feel free to ask question I already made a contract for interacting with FLUND but didn't deploy It ahah

Hey! What are you trying to do? 
Better/safest way to do It should be to check your contract FLM balance before and after calling FLUND withdraw

Yes, to get the FLM + yield back you then withdraw the same amount of FLUND tokens
FLUND tokens do not "grow", but the underlying FLM value of them does

mind the %2 fee while selling the FLUND you've got for FLM proits) 🙂  Flamingo Finance website FLUND Sell UI includes the exit fee at bottom when you enter FLUND amount to top box. So if you've bought flund 2 days ago, you'll see that you are getting less FLM than before. It breaks even in around 20-22 days with current state.
But as previously stated, you are already minding that %2 fee while invoking the contract by yourself. You can use the website to check those numbers with yours. You don't need to own a balance to write numbers to SELL box to see how much FLM you are going to get.


----------------------UI draft down with hand writing-------------------
UI draft down with hand writing
UI will be the DeFi Web app for connect wallet and do specified  transactions needed.
1. We need functions for web3 integration such as connect Neo3 wallets - Neoline, Neon, ... and deposit, withdraw...
2. We need the dashboard of locking pools list.
Here, each pool shows the current info - locking started time, locking amount, ...
3. We need the panel that user can create new locking pool - set locking period, locking amount and FUSDT award amount ... (for user1 of locking)
4. And also show the list of locking pools that user2 can watch and take a part in one locking.